Update getting-started.md (#17)
gatsbyg/gg: getting-started.md

6. Now you can access your team through [**Access your Team**](https://github.com/orgs/gatsbyg/teams/digital-eye-candy)
7. **Discord** will be used as a platform to communicate within the **Organization**.
8. You can find the link to Discord in the **GitHub team room**.

> 9. Now visit [**Codewars**](https://www.codewars.com/). **Codewars** is a Karate themed gaming site where you have to solve programming challenges to learn and grow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Now visit [**Codewars**](https://www.codewars.com/). **Codewars** is a martial arts themed gaming site where you have to solve programming challenges to learn and grow.
```

> 10. To create an account on **Codewars**, You must prove yourself by completing a simple skill test in one of the programming languages listed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. To create an account on **Codewars**, you must prove yourself by completing a simple skill test in one of the programming languages listed.
```
